The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Now I'm not in, believe it or not.
I'm not into UFO's. I don't follow those stories or, you know,
your experiences. No, I'm fascinated with the technology. And I, I, it really,
it irks me like every night I go to sleep that, you know, I don't,
that it was my own doing, essentially that,
that prevented me from continuing on in the, in the project. I mean, it's the,
that to be on that cutting edge of technology is so alluring to me.
But, you know, by the same token,
I don't really care that there's aliens or where they come from. I mean,
the prize is the technology and that's what I'm fascinated by.
But so I don't listen to UFO stories and that sort of thing.
But George Knapp is, um, I mean,
he's the guy that has the context and tries to thread everything together. And,
uh, what he recently told me as he found, I don't,
it was either documentation or people that he spoke to it's at this,
the existence of this project, the project that I was on,
it's something that they seem to take out every eight or 10
years.
So that's a very specific memo. And this is actually, this is the first time.
I'll be very clear with people about it.
It's a big topic of conversation right now. It's called the Wilson memo.
You can look it up. Admiral Wilson met with a scientist.
Who's actually was featured in one of my films.
Everybody has been debating whether or not this document have a
conversation with a,
with an sitting Admiral at the time is a real document.
It's an actual conversation that happened.
And this document is where everybody wants to know the world is going crazy
right now in the UFO world. I'll tell you straight up right now,
I'm in the position to know,
and it is a real document that it is real.
So the conversation you read in that, that conversation was had,
I can't attest to every, you're not.
Being very clear. Sure.
Please. No problem. So there was a document is circulating right now.
That is really big. It's going around everywhere. People are asking them,
what is this document it's called? The Wilson memo is what,
how you can find it online. There are the Wilson leak.
There it is. Jimmy's got it. The Wilson memorandum use of human volunteers.
No, that's not it. Yeah. So, uh,
Admiral Wilson meets with this scientist and they have this discussion,
oddly enough, at special projects at EG and G. And I,
if I remember the documents from 2001, I'm telling everybody right now,
it's real. And we'll see,
my history is pretty good with like saying if something's real or not. Right?
So here we go. Document comes out.
They meet at EG and G special projects in 1989,
they stumble into a problem. This happens,
they put the technology away and then they bring it back out and see if material
science has caught up. And if they can make any progress.
So this document kind of talks about this process, the big thing I get from it,
and a lot of it's vindicating to Bob.
And one of the things that's vindicating besides the egg thing is that private
industry. So this guy's an Admiral. And he says,
I sh I found out about your SAP, your special access program.
I need to know about it.
And he's going to a private part of industry and he is denied
access. And he says, I, you know, I should be running this program.
And they were able to deny him access.
So I think the takeaway here is check it out.
I'm telling you that that is an actual correct. That is a leak.
Now everything said in that document, I don't.
Know what is said in that document specifically, it's.
A, between a scientist and an,
an Admiral that are sitting and they're having a meeting and they're talking
about, um, the search for the UFO subject,
the search to get special access program,
access to all of these different things like reverse engineering programs.
So in this document, they talk about it. Uh,
I believe that this document,
that the person that went was employed by Robert Bigelow, you know,
one of the guys has a couple of orbiting satellites and all that stuff.
Who's been guy.
On skin Walker, ranch.
No, he's not. He was the guy, the old skin Walker. Yeah. He used to own it.
There's a new owner. And I interviewed him for my other film,
but there's a new owner. And you'll be hearing a lot more about that soon. But,
uh, like it'll just, there's,
there's stuff that you'll be hearing about skin Walker ranch soon.
Cause there's a new owner.
And the whole point of this insertion here is just that,
that document kind of validates a lot of this idea.
Bob just said that they make a little progress, then they can't go anywhere.
They tuck it away and then they bring it back out, you know,
10 years later and start working on it. What is the limiting factor?
I think Bob should speak on this, but it's the material science.
Early where physics is so I can, I can see them doing that. I mean,
I didn't have any, uh, information on that, but I think what,
you know, George uncovered is probably accurate that, uh, you know,
we try and do what we can and once we reach a roadblock on,
we really can't figure it out. It's just frigging wait, put the thing away,
wait for science to catch up. And you know,
a decade later let's take the project out again and say, all right, now,
where can we go?
It's gotta be someone who remains informed, right? Oh yeah.
You've got your scientists like you and Barry,
you got your people that you compartmentalize. You got these people.
Yeah. There has to be some people that know everything.
Security, and then someone's going to be in the outside saying, Hey,
we need people to guard this building. Don't let anybody in.
I th I think a lot of that is private industry and I think that's how they keep
it. Yeah. I think that's how they literally,
because the government is just so leaky.
I think that's kind of what they're doing.
That's what the document kind of proves you just articulated that, that, um,
it isn't controlled private industry.
Private industry, some aerospace company, something, I don't know.
W w the guy with the admir, wouldn't name it in the car right.
In the conversation.
So they still have.
These things, supposedly, I would guess. I mean,
I don't have any information on them.
You ever asked anyone that has any inkling of
any idea of where they got them or how they.
Now, but, um, something must have been said to me, um,
from Barry and, but I, it was just too long ago and I,
I can't quite remember what was said, but it, it just left a seed in my mind.
I think at least one of them was part of an archeological dig.
So it's old. Some one, at least one of them is old.
I don't know if it was the one I worked on,
but I remember something to do with an archeological dig. Whoa.
So that's, uh, that means it's not just old. It's ancient. That'd be a great.
Steven Spielberg. Yeah. Right.
That's all.
Of it. Would, you know when he said that for the first time?
Yeah. That's a freak out right there. Just a couple of dudes with some brushes,
looking for a Tyrannosaurus Rex bone and metal.
And when did they find it? You know, that they have nine of them.
How could we have not heard about that? What about the guys with the brushes?
How could you uncover something like that? And.
Joe's newspaper at home? Does, I mean, they set it on that first day. Oh,
you mean the Roswell? Yeah.
And when you told me, yeah, I have a cover, what is this here?
Jamie is the document. But I had to do some digging to find it. Yeah.
Just kind of, yeah. So this is where they meet at egg,
and this is Adam or Wilson, and there's a lot more coming out. Now.
I want to be clear, George, didn't put this out.
He didn't leak this out to anybody. This is, I can tell you.
How I recorded this, this conversation.
So this was an employee of, at the time Robert Bigelow, and this is.
In 2002.
Right.
Do you remember when he had that government contract called out the world I'll
knows about now. And he had nits that studied the ranch,
that 22 million everybody is saying it was for a tip, um,
advanced aerospace threat identification program.
The $22 million was for all SAP that was pushed through, through Congress,
three congressmen, right. An astronaut. It was pushed through.
And that's what that $22 million, by the way,
they spend more money on Viagra every year than they do studying UFOs.
If it was just this program, which I think is funny.
In the military, they probably.
Do that. Well, you never know how it seeds into population, but anyway, uh,
this program, uh, this is what was the mother program. So it,
it got the 22 million. And really it was to study skin Walker ranch,
oddly enough,
that 22 million all was inspired by the phenomenon they were seen at skin Walker
ranch,
because the scientists they're seeing vehicles come through like a
space in the sky.
I went there, I went through Duncan.
We interviewed a bunch of people that seem full of, but a couple that didn't,
but this very, very interesting, totally.
But if you look, I spent a lot of time in the area.
I'm not talking about those stories.
I'm saying there were scientists hired by the government,
right through big lo to study the ranch because they thought was important. And,
you know, whatever, whatever the point is, that 22 million was to study that.
Then we have a tip,
which is like an auxiliary kind of program of military settings,
like commander favors. And that sort of thing.
This document is just one of those things that has now come forward, that,
um, through the big, low studies,
it was government funded and then it was personally funded and then government
funded. Um,
it's just one of those things that kind of shakes you because you got this
military guy who can't get access because of the private industry that's
holding these non-terrestrial materials, they can't study it.
So that's the claim right now. Give it some time, let people dig more into this.
It's fascinating, man.